daos: add daos-serialize and daos-deserialize tools (#457)
hpc/mpifileutils: doc/rst/daos-serialize.1.rst

daos-serialize
===

SYNOPSIS
--------

**daos-serialize [OPTION] /<pool>/<cont>**

DESCRIPTION
-----------

Parallel MPI application to serialize a DAOS container to an HDF5 file.

daos-serialize is a serialization tool that will allow storing any type
of DAOS container on a POSIX filesystem. It allows DAOS container data to
be stored outside of the DAOS system. The DAOS container is converted

> to an HDF5 format. The serialization format of the container is meant to

Reviewer: Still accurate if I make this change?
```suggestion
to a set of files in HDF5 format. The serialization format of the container is meant to
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is more clear.
